Update config.md (#505)
sider/sider-docs: docs/enterprise/config.md

- `PUMA_PERSISTENT_TIMEOUT` - (Optional) The integer to control Keep-Alive timeout of **sideci-web**. If you place a load balancer in front of **sideci-web** and its idle timeout is huge, you should consider configuring this value. The default value is `75`.

> - `EXTRA_CERTIFICATE` - (Optional) The base64 encoded PEM certificate. Set this parameter if your GitHub Enterprise Server is running with a self-signed certificate or one issued from your own certificate authority. Sider Enterprise for GitLab has not supported this parameter.

Reviewer: I think we don't have to use the present perfect simple. Is it necessary to imply the lack of this support continues from the past?

```suggestion
- `EXTRA_CERTIFICATE` - (Optional) The base64 encoded PEM certificate. Set this parameter if your GitHub Enterprise Server is running with a self-signed certificate or one issued from your own certificate authority. Sider Enterprise for GitLab does not support this parameter.
```

Author: > Is it necessary to imply the lack of this support continues from the past?

I think yes. Of course, I can tell the information via email. But documentation is easier.
GitLab supporting Let's encrypt. But almost GitLab users using old GitLab. That is working with a Self-signed certificate maybe.

Reviewer: Sorry, I couldn't get your point.

My point is, I wonder if users are really interested in older versions of Sider. When users read this documentation, their interest is just for the current Sider, isn't it? That's why I suggested using the present simple.
